Update index.md: Article about function pointers was added (#5916)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/cpp/content/105-pointers-and-references/index.md

Modifying the value of `ref` will also modify the value of `num` because they share the same memory location.

> **Note:** References are generally used when you want to pass a variable by reference in function arguments or when you want to create an alias for a variable without the need for pointer syntax.
> 
> - [@article@Function Pointer in C++](https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/function-pointer-in-cpp/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** References are generally used when you want to pass a variable by reference in function arguments or when you want to create an alias for a variable without the need for pointer syntax.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@article@Function Pointer in C++](https://www.scaler.com/topics/cpp/function-pointer-cpp/)
```

First, congrats on your first opensource contribution!

Secondly, I've just made some amendments such as adding `Learn more from the following resources:` and I've changed the geeksforgeeks link to another one of the same standards (Please check this!). We already have 130+ links to geeksforgeeks so trying to diversify the content!
